docs(configuration): add `maxWorkers` option documentation (#11276)
facebook/jest: docs/Configuration.md

A number limiting the number of tests that are allowed to run at the same time when using `test.concurrent`. Any test above this limit will be queued and executed once a slot is released.

### `maxWorkers` \[number | string]

Specifies the maximum number of workers the worker-pool will spawn for running tests. In single run mode, this defaults to the number of the cores available on your machine minus one for the main thread. In watch mode, this defaults to half of the available cores on your machine to ensure Jest is unobtrusive and does not grind your machine to a halt. It may be useful to adjust this in resource limited environments like CIs but the defaults should be adequate for most use-cases.

> For environments with variable CPUs available, you can use percentage based configuration: `--maxWorkers=50%`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For environments with variable CPUs available, you can use percentage based configuration: `maxWorkers: '50%'`
```

> For environments with variable CPUs available, you can use percentage based configuration: `maxWorkers: '50%'`

Reviewer: actually, seems like we use JSON here

```suggestion
For environments with variable CPUs available, you can use percentage based configuration: `"maxWorkers": "50%"`
```

same for others
